
Code Layout for Database System Model
===

#####Generated Files

Generated files from AtelierB code generator are stored in lang/c folder.

#####Project files

Project files are generated files modified in order to introduce unimplemented functionalityes or necessary declarations.

For that purpose  these are stored in "c project files" folder.Also this folder contains all other files generated by the compiler(.o, .dev, .layout) or necessary for 
version control(.gitignore).

#####Database System C Project

Differences from generated files:

 - Files added for each BASIC machine in oreder to implement various functions
```
	- BASIC_STATUS.c
	- BASIC_SEX.c
	- BASIC_IO.c
	- BASIC_FILE_VAR.c
	- BASIC_COMMAND.c
```

 - Generated files modifications: 
 ```
 - added in each BASIC machine header file "#include<stdio.h>" declaration in order to implement functionalityes.
 - added in BASIC_SEX.h the declaration of BASIC_SEX_code_STATUS because the AtelierB generator did not translate this variable due to typing problems,yet unresolved.
  - added in BASIC_STATUS.h the declaration of BASIC_STATUS_code_STATUS because the AtelierB generator did not translate this variable due to typing problems,yet unresolved.
 
 - Non-generated files description
 
 ```
#####BASIC_COMMAND.c

 - BASIC_COMMAND_INITIALISATION 
 	-  no functionality neccesary from this function
 - BASIC_COMMAND_COMMAND_READ : 
 	- it reads an integer from the console and if it is a invalid command it will generate an error message.In this case the read value will remain stored in the 
 	rr paramater.
 - BASIC_COMMAND_COMMAND_WRITE
 	- no functionality implemented  
 	
#####BASIC_FILE_VAR.c

 - BASIC_FILE_VAR_size declaration and initialization 
 	- neccessary to keep track of actual number of records from the database system,beacause there isn't an equivalent 	of size operator from B-Method 
 	in C programming language.
 - int32_t BASIC_FILE_VAR_buf_vrb[5] and int32_t BASIC_FILE_VAR_file_vrb[10000][5] declarations 
 	- necessary to resolve extern decalaration from coresponding header file.
 - BASIC_FILE_VAR_INITIALISATION
 	- no functionality neccesary from this function
 - BASIC_FILE_VAR_SIZE_FILE
 	- return the nomber of records from the database system, stored in BASIC_FILE_VAR_size variable.
 -  BASIC_FILE_VAR_NEW_RECORD
 	- creates a new record and initialises it with a value received as an input parameter.
 	- increments the BASIC_FILE_VAR_size variable
 - BASIC_FILE_VAR_READ_FILE
 	- reads from buffer if this was modified(it will receive an integer valued 1 or 0 wich determines if the buffer was modified or not)
 - BASIC_FILE_VAR_WRITE_FILE
 	- writes into buffer.
 	
#####BASIC_IO.c

 - BASIC_IO_INITIALISATION
 	 - no functionality neccesary from this function
 - BASIC_IO_STRING_WRITE
 	- displays the sring received as an input parameter
 - BASIC_IO_INTERVAL_READ
 	 - read an integer
 	 - test if it belongs to a given interval
 	 - if it does not belong the initialized a default value if DATA_BASE_PERSON_max + 1.
 - BASIC_IO_INT_WRITE
 	 - displays an integer.
 	
#####BASIC_SEX.c

 - const BASIC_SEX_SEX BASIC_SEX_code_SEX[2]={BASIC_SEX_man,BASIC_SEX_woman} and const BASIC_SEX_SEX BASIC_SEX_decode_SEX[2]={BASIC_SEX_man,BASIC_SEX_woman} declarations
	 - necessary in order to implement the desired functionality from the model,specified in corresponding header file.
 - BASIC_SEX_INITIALISATION
 	 - no functionality neccesary from this function
 - BASIC_SEX_SEX_READ
 	 - reads an integer from the keyboard
 	 - tests if it is a valid element of BASIC_SEX_SEX enum
 	 -  if not it displays an error message
 - BASIC_SEX_SEX_WRITE
 	 - displays a text message corresponding to parameter given
 #### !
BASIC_SEX_code_SEX declaration is not automatically translated because of typing problems,yet unresolved.The solution was to add these declaration mannually.
  
#####BASIC_STATUS.c
 - const BASIC_STATUS_STATUS BASIC_STATUS_code_STATUS[2]={BASIC_STATUS_dead,BASIC_STATUS_living} and const BASIC_STATUS_STATUS BASIC_STATUS_decode_STATUS[2]={BASIC_STATUS_dead,BASIC_STATUS_living} declarations
	 - necessary in order to implement the desired functionality from the model,specified in corresponding header file.
 - BASIC_STATUS_INITIALISATION
 	 - no functionality neccesary from this function
 - BASIC_STATUS_STATUS_READ
 	 - reads an integer from the keyboard
 	 - tests if it is a valid element of BASIC_STATUS_STATUS enum
 	 -  if not it displays an error message
 - BASIC_STATUS_STATUS_WRITE
 	 - displays a text message corresponding to parameter given
#### !
BASIC_STATUS_code_STATUS declaration is not automatically translated because of typing problems,yet unresolved.The solution was to add 
  these declaration mannually.
  